# AutoGrader

A program that will automatically, upon file selection, assess the file for indentation errors, bracket placement errors (or lack thereof),
proper naming convention, and proper comments.

## Main File

Contains the loop in which the file browser is opened, the original filepath to be analyzed is obtained, then passed to a created Handler object.

## Handler
The main file handler, takes a Filepath as a String as paramater. Opens the file and after verifying the file is Java source code, begins matching the file contents
to a set of predefined keywords or regular expressions and replaces them with respective 'meta-characters' to be read by each respective class that implements 
the Analyzer interface. Handler is also responsible for handling comments, String literal, and handing off either the filepath of the mutated file (locally 
stored and deleted) to each Analyzer.

## Analyzer (Interface)

The original plan is to set up an Analyzer interface class that will be implemented in seperate, more specific Analyers 
(ex. IndentAnalyzer). The interface will lay out the basic methods and their anticiapted return types which the implementers will follow.

## Reportable (Interface)
The reportable interface is to be implemented in any class that should be able to generate a report. The interface contains only the method 'report()' that
returns a String. Allows us to call report() method to compile all the individual reports into a final document.

## Reporter 
A simple object that implements Reportable, designed to store errors generated by the Analyzers or Handler and then be added to the Reporter in the Main class
that will compile all the reports into one document and display it for the user. Each class contatins a Reporter object that is initialized on construction and can
be accessed by a 'master' Reporter or stored as a String via the 'report()' method.

## IndentAnalyzer (now -> IDA)
Indent Analyzer takes a String as parameter, which should be the filepath given to it via the Handler object when the Handler finishes its process. IDA 
reads the given file and first runs the 'IndentCounter()' method to find and record what type of indentation was used on the current line (spaces or tabs), 
and what the current level of indent is. It returns the current Indent level as an integer, which is passed to the 'IndentCorrector()' method which takes the 
current line of characters and the actual indent level, and determines the indent level to be expected based of of the present and previously seen characters that
signal an increase/decrease in indent level. IndentCorrect returns no value, but if it determines that the actual indent level differs from the expected, it will 
pass a generated report to the Reporter object that can be retrived via the 'report()' method.


## Other Analyzer Implemetors

TBD



# TODO

## Main
update the look and feel of the file browser to match windows 10/newest MAC. <br />
import/setup Maven <br />

## Handler
develop list of 'KeyWords' or JAVA reserved words that anticipate indentation using brackets <br />
develop list of 'KeyWord-Substitutes' for the Analyzer class to recognize when searching for brackets/indents/comments <br />
develop method 'keywordReplace' that replaces all previously mentioned 'KeyWords' with their respective substitiues <br />
layout legend for JAVA (and later other languages) for KeyWord -> Substitutes <br />

## Analyzer (Interface)
develop this interface file <br />
decide on which methods and their return types <br />
set up basic start files for the implementors <br />

## IndentAnalyzer
determine best way to assess a file for the multiple parameters we have to search for. <br />


# Sources
https://google.github.io/styleguide/javaguide.html <br />


regex: temporary
(public|private|protected|) (space) (static)? (??Some return value, may be not keyword??) (??Location of class|method name??)


<\\w>1<\\s>static?<\\s>(??return type??)<\\s> (?? ITEM DESIRED ??)
